
Libpcap captures discernible SYNs that encode and transfer an encrypted file two bytes at a time in successive, SYN-only TCP Checksums, before the
receiver's Linux kernel evaluates and discards invalid TCP packets, assuming TCP Offload is disabled on sender's Ethernet port.  Continuous, successive 
SYNs resemble a SYN flood attack that unaffected censors presumably track as laissez-faire and do not expend engineering effort to block.

A discernible SYN receiver determines a two byte OFFSET, or byte swap correction for unmatched endian end-points, or both, by receiving four specially 
Python scapy crafted and discernible "Invalid TCP Checksum protocol" SYNs.  The receiver then returns the same four discernible SYNs back to the sender.  
One way to make SYNs discernible by mutual agreement is to use a libpcap capture filter for SYN destination port 22 with source port 20. 

              "tcp[tcp-flags] & tcp-syn !=0 && tcp[tcp-flags] & tcp-ack ==0 && dst port 22 && src port 20" 
        
is an example capture filter SYN port combination that will not likely encounter false positives from another source's SYN.

To start "Invalid TCP Checksum protocol", sender initiates a discernible, valid TCP Checksum SYN to an IPv4 destination using Python's scapy.  Sender next 
crafts three scapy discernible SYNs with TCP Checksums 0xffff, 0x0, 0xff00 and sends these respectively to the receiver's Public IPv4 address, which may be 
NATed by port forwarding to a LAN IPv4 address.  For example:

>>>p=IP(dst="IPv4addr")/TCP(dport=22, sport=20)
>>>send(p)
>>>p=IP(dst="IPv4addr")/TCP(dport=22, sport=20, chksum=0xffff)
>>>send(p)
>>>p=IP(dst="IPv4addr")/TCP(dport=22, sport=20, chksum=0x0))
>>>send(p)
>>>p=IP(dst="IPv4addr")/TCP(dport=22, sport=20, chksum=0xff00)
>>>send(p)

Receiver examines the fourth discernible SYN's TCP Checksum received by libpcap.  If it is 0xff00 then there is no OFFSET and no byte-swapping is needed 
for subsequent discernible two byte encoded SYN TCP Checksums.  If it is 0x00ff then there is no OFFSET and subsequent discernible SYN TCP Checksums 
require byte-swapping. 

If the fourth received discernible SYN's TCP Checksum is anything else, then the second and third received discernible SYN TCP Checksums are both the same 
hex value that conveniently defines the OFFSET! When the fourth discernible SYN's hex value minus OFFSET modulus 0x10000 is 0x00ff, then subsequent 
received discernible SYNs require byte-swapping. 

Receiver uses the OFFSET, if any, to derive the SYN sender's original two byte valid TCP Checksum's hex value: this is the first received discernible SYN's 
TCP Checksum hex value minus OFFSET, then modulo 0x10000. The receiver next responds with the same four SYN packets that the sender sent but in the reverse 
point-to-point IP direction. The sender derives a TCP Checksum value (the first received ESCAPE TCP Checksum's hex value minus OFFSET modulo 0x10000), the 
same way the receiver derived it and that hex value represents the sender's discernible SYN ESCAPE packet hex value. (Tada, without having to calculate a 
TCP Checksum). Receiver's discernible SYN ESCAPE packet is the actual TCP Checksum hex value of the first discernible SYN received. 

When sender later intends to encode 0xffff from an encrypted file into a discernible SYN TCP Checksum it is preceded by a discernible ESCAPE SYN and the 
receiver interprets the two received SYN packets as a single 0xffff, even if the second SYN packet is received as 0x0.  Two discernible ESCAPE SYN packets 
are sent to encode two bytes of a single valid TCP Checksum. When there is no OFFSET, then a received lone 0x0 is always interpreted as 0x0. Otherwise, an 
OFFSET is indicated by the second and third received discernible SYNs. Subsequent received SYN's TCP Checksum minus OFFSET modulo 0x10000 and apply 
byte-swapping if required per the fourth received discernible SYN, reveals the sender's intended two bytes per packet hex encoding that receiver 
successively accumulates to a gpg decryptible file that confirms error free transmission.

Once the respective ESCAPE SYN TCP Checksum hex values are derived for sender and receiver, consecutive invalid SYN TCP Checksums (possibly peppered with 
an occasional valid TCP Checksum ESCAPE packet) transfer an encrypted file from sender to receiver, two bytes at a time, captured by a discernible libpcap
at the receiver. Not all NATs will port forward an invalid TCP Checksum, but there are some home wireless routers that do. When there is no end-to-end NAT
translation (e.g. on a LAN) SYN ESCAPE packets are not needed but ESCAPE packets are not accumulated, so won't interfere with "Invalid TCP Checksum protocol" 
encrypted file transfers that may also require per TCP Checksum byte-swapping.

Binary mode file transfer allows gpg to compress and encrypt. UUencode avoids end-to-end network transport obstacles without invalid TCP checksums, but 
this gives up the compression advantage by doubling the filesize needed for encrypted file transfer. 

Note that a Mac with Intel or Apple CPU is little-endian with respect to memory data storage, but unlike CentOS7's Python scapy, MacOS's Python scapy 
does not put TCP Checksums in network order for network transmissionn.  All other IP and TCP header parameters must be in network order to route to 
intended destination. Consequently, Linux running on an Intel CPU must byte-swap TCP Checksums received from a Mac sender, while a Mac receiver does not 
have to byte-swap, (assuming untested Mac to Mac is indeed possible).

"Invalid TCP Checksum protocol" uses the first four SYN TCP Checksums received at each end to determine how the receiver transforms subsequent SYN 
TCP Checksums to the originally sent hex values that carry two bytes of an encrypted file.

