{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa360\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone Notes\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl288\slmult1\sa40\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs28 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd1\expndtw5
HANDSHAKE\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa360\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 The only handshake is the sender\'92s first SYN packet must receive a SYN-ACK back, if not in a few seconds, then the sender knows to postpone sending because the far-end is powered down. Both ends need to always either be powered down or in receive mode when running the ./receiver C executable. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl288\slmult1\sa40\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd1\expndtw5
ACKNOWLEDGING SUCCESSFUL FILE TRANSFER\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 After several always perfect encrypted file transfers it is tempting to assume no acknowledgement is ever needed. But there are known network conditions that may interfere a given IP packet\'92s path, so some form of acknowledgment is needed.\
\
Since most transfers are perfect, it is suggested that the receiver positively acknowledge a received translatedbinaryout file that decrypts, or is recognizable plaintext, by sending back the translatedbinaryout file of just received bytes. Don\'92t send anything back when decryption fails or plaintext is unusable. Sender can compare the bytes sent back by receiver to the bytes sent forward. When both are the same, as they most often will be, then there is an implicit acknowledgment that the sender\'92s message has been received properly.\
\
When the bytes sender receives don\'92t match the bytes sent then the sender can repeat the process until sender sees the bytes received back are equal to bytes sent. Sender will also notice when there is no positive acknowledgment and will repeat the file transfer to receiver, knowing that the receiver\'92s SYN-ACK handshake has confirmed that the receiver is not powered down. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl288\slmult1\sa40\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd1\expndtw5
DECRYPTION FAILURES\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa360\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 There are network conditions that may cause transmission packet loss. Usually changing one or both IP addresses is needed to dodge an IP path that has interference. Changing home wireless routers will change the DHCP IP address assigned by an ISP.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl288\slmult1\sa40\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd1\expndtw5
TCP OFFLOAD\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 TCP Offload only affects a sender, the receiver\'92s kernel always receives whole packets with a received TCP Checksum that may, or may not be pre-evaluated and marked valid or invalid by a NIC.  }